docs: adding recipe for dynamically importing Images (#5391)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/images.mdx

Store your images in the `public/` folder if you want to avoid any processing or to have a direct public link to them.

> If you need to dynamically import images from the `src/` folder, see the following recipe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to dynamically import images from the [`srcDir`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#srcdir) (`./src` by default), see the following recipe:
```

Reviewer: Idk how rest of docs usually talk about the src dir, so it may not be needed

Reviewer 2: For guidance, when referring to the folder specifically, we use:

the `src/` folder 

just as Jessica has done! (Nothing before `src` and when it's a folder, there should be a slash after it.)

Reviewer: Feel free to resolve this then!
